Terms to test understanding daily
Var (local and glbal Var)?
Concatenation?
How to get string length (.length)
Explain what is the dot notion?
-a property is accessed by giving the host object's name, followed by a period (or dot), followed by the property name.
What is an object in JS ?
Where do programmers usually count from?
How to command out in JS?
How do i take a slice out from a part?
How do I change case in text?
How do i increase or decrease by one?
How do I increase or decrease by more than one?
How do I call a function?
When do I need to add ";"? 
When do I need to add ( )?
How do I generate random nxumbers and make them whole numbers or to 1 decima place?
What does console.log mean?
What is an If else statment?
What is the arrow function and what does it do?
Tell me about the compartors and equality operators
What is a while loop? And what do I have to careful of?
What are For loops? Can you decribe the syntax?
What are arrays ? How do I find something in an array?
How do I add JS to website? Where should I place it?
What is DOM and what do we use it for?
How do I select HTML objects with DOM
** relook at DOM and the separations of concerns
How do I manipulate text/HTML in JS?
What are higher order functions?
How do I play sound on a website?
How to write a variable with multiple properties
What is a constructor function? How do I use it?
What does "this" do?
How do I use switch statments in JS?
What are switch statements?
What is a method?
What are callbacks? And why do I use them?
What is jQuery and how do I enable it?
What is querySelector?
What is the symbol to use jquery?
How do I manipulate styles, text, attributes, with jQuery?
How do I add things using JQuery? Event listener, add/ remove elements
How do I animate with jQuery?
What is parseInt?
What is { "":""}
What is a nested loop?
What is memoizaton? How does it work?
What is a pure function?
What is a recursive function?
What is the difference between memoization and caching
What is the tree recursion algorithm?
What is a recursive function?
What is a tree recursion?
What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?
What is an arrow function and how do I use it?
What is dynamic programming?
What is { } used for?
What is [ ] used for?
What is ( ) used for?
What are parantheses?
What are arguments?
Waht is the .includes function?
